Add note about additional config needed in FireLens for JSON parsing (#5085)
DataDog/integrations-core: ecs_fargate/README.md

    ```
3. Now, whenever a Fargate task runs, Fluent Bit sends the container logs to your Datadog monitoring with information about all of the containers managed by your Fargate tasks. You can see the raw logs on the [Log Explorer page][30], [build monitors][31] for the logs, and use the [Live Container view][29].

> **Note** In order to parse serialized JSON logs coming from a container's `stdout`, FireLens requires an additional argument. Add the following argument directly in your FireLens configuration: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** In order to parse serialized JSON logs coming from a container's `stdout`, add the following required argument directly in your FireLens configuration: 
```

```
relensConfiguration": {
    "type": "fluentbit",
    "options": {
        "config-file-type": "file",
        "config-file-value": "/fluent-bit/configs/parse-json.conf"
    }
},
```

> This will convert serialized JSON from the `log:` field into top-level fields. See the AWS sample [Parsing container stdout logs that are serialized JSON][34] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This converts serialized JSON from the `log:` field into top-level fields. See the AWS sample [Parsing container stdout logs that are serialized JSON][34] for more details.
```
